# parseargs: Command-line argument parsing for Haskell programs
Copyright Â© 2007 Bart Massey

This library provides System.Console.Parseargs, a module to
assist in argument parsing for Haskell stand-alone command
line programs.

The package provides a Haskell command-line argument
"parser".  You supply a specification of the arguments to
your command-line program; `parseargs` reads the arguments
and checks that they meet your spec. It then fills in a data
structure that captures the relevant data, from which parsed
arguments can be extracted as needed. See the Haddock
documentation for the gory details.

I have used this code with `ghc` 6 and 7 on Linux.  It is a
fairly standard Hackage-ready package, to the extent I know
how to construct such.

The 0.1.2 release includes a typeclass for argument types for
easier use.

The 0.1.3 release includes more uniform and usable error
handling.

The various 0.1.3.x point releases include bug fixes and
various extra-minor enhancements. See the Git log.

The 0.1.4 release includes the ability to mix optional and
required positional arguments.

The 0.1.5 release includes the "soft dash" option, giving
the ability to allow positional arguments to begin with a
dash if possible.

The 0.1.5.1 release fixes some warnings and stuff.

The 0.1.5.2 release fixes some missing documentation.

The 0.2 release cleans up some namespace pollution by
removing `ArgRecord` and the `args` accessor from the public
namespace.  This allows the use of the name `args` by the
user to describe program arguments.

The 0.2.0.1 release cleans up a bunch of documentation nits
and cleans up copyright notices and license information.

This library is not what I set out to build.  It definitely
could also use some work.  However, I use it all the time
for writing little programs. I thought others might find it
useful, and I also have released other code that depends on
it, so I put it out there.

Have fun with it, and let me know if there are problems.

This program is licensed under the "3-clause ('new') BSD
License".  Please see the file COPYING in this distribution
for license terms.
